Welcome to our lesson on solidity.
I'm going to be your instructor for this lesson.
Have you always wanted to be able to write your own smart contracts?
Have you wondered what token contracts are?
How about creating your own tokens and then being able to view them on EtherScan?
Or, how about being able to send your own tokens to your friends?
We will cover all these topics in this lesson.
We will start with learning solidity,
the main language used to write contracts on Ethereum.
We will then learn the syntax of this language,
and then look at many samples, smart contracts.
Once we get comfortable with this language,
we will then talk about token contracts and token standards.
Next, we will show you how to create your own tokens and then send them to your friends.
Lots of exciting stuff to learn in this lesson,
so let's get started